MOOKIE : Did you ever hear the concept of the Internet or the Matrix running on not only 1 & 0's but also 11 & 00 which are existing keys. Then add in possibly roman numerals so II and x and y which could unlock numerous language keys. How about if the zeroes were like a linear UPC which has all the zeroes replaced with ?

ie: The default mode, "UPC / EAN", attempts to DWIM ("do what I mean"): If you pass it 7 digits or 8 digits starting with the digit 0, then it will generate a UPC-E barcode. If you pass it 8 digits not starting with the digit 0, then it will generate an EAN-8 barcode. If you pass it 12 digits, then it will generate a UPC-A barcode. Finally, if you pass it 13 digits, then it will generate an EAN-13 barcode.

You can force 8 digits to be generated as EAN-8 by selecting the mode "EAN-8".

You can force generation of UPC-E by selecting the mode "UPC-E". In this mode, you may also pass 12 digits, instead of 7 or 8, which will get compressed into the UPC-E form if the form factor is correct. (See this description of UPC-E for more information.) For example, if you ask to encode "04432000008?", then the generated UPC-E will be for the number "04432841".


and/or removed to bring the remaining numbers together and auto add the first digit around to be the now final number and correct to a specific number of characters thus leaving no zeroes for the Internet/matrix to compute. Which "0" is the integer between numbers as it exists and doesn't exist in any POMAD equation that would work out to absolute zero. ZERO = 8e2!

How about when you incorporate the idea that 11 and 111 would also adapt in there and the possibility Y2K is a really a thing and has been getting fixed by auto correction and could be a thing along with needing to check about times where coding corrections are or were implemented to reduce computations and to increase performance not on purpose obviously. Make sure you share this, Just send it. There is no way anyone would keep this to themselves and since I believe it to be my sole intellectual property it will forever be free to be utilized by anyone and everyone from this point forward.
You know how to use this for coding and scripting and the open use is extended to any Computer ever past current and future. This completes the communication gap and will allow seemless perfect interaction and corrections from the beginning of Infinity up to the most finite existence possible and with the addition of allowing for the known negatives to be fragmented on our DNA coding we can remember the bad times not ever completely forget them but choose to have them archived as ? to be defragged and used a celebration of life.
You get credit for this one. Just ask old Marianus trench Internet if they know anything about it. Especially the roman numerals and mention that sign language is all hand gestures that are either fingers (1) or forming an "O" or possibly a "0" or an "O0" "00" "OO. The letter "O" looks very similar to the number "0".
Since π doesn't have any 0's I believe could that also be a system correction when eliminating the zeroes and with the whole number being "3" and non divisible it into itself would create a never ending number that would end each run with the number that falls in place from the nightmare that that must be. π=whole milk
researching bugs like the zekada that lay dormant for 21 years to allow species that are almost extinct to be able to "cacoon" giving researcher's time to find ways to preserve the ecosystem they lost. also making it possible to not kill harmful bug apecies to a new environment but lock down the specific problems and know exactly when they are going to return and for how long to prepare for whatever the group decision would be or just wait it out and after they mate again it would give more time for debate. 
LIFE PLANET even zekadas show up to mate and go hide from this depressing planet. That says a lot in itself  -Preston Wilson 10/2024-
Mathematics cannot be the universal language with this in place as it would always leave a question in place about whatever interacts with it. In this case pretty much everything that has to do with astro physics any math from geometry on. Add in the additional coding theories within a sandbox with screenshots of the environment get taken constantly and cold storage archived versions for backup in general and any persons DNA should have everything ever stored on it and downloadable. If the answer ever existed before it's on our hard drive. Seriously. The roman numerals will account for coordinates and chromosomes in other 
©® readily13publicvm.com ©® "I don't know anyone that works for readily13 then again I don't know anyone that doesn't" 
Employee owned and operated. Pay based on what you know and how fast it gets done. Your knowledge is what we look for, 1-1000 credit goes where it should. Nobody would dare fuck with our legal team and it's intelectual property. As founder of readily13 there would be a $4,999 liabilty cap for each EIN keeping everyone under the statute for a felony and if they want to go for anything more they will be filing against me "PRESTON ARTHUR WILSON" personally. I will be there in any court, any venue, any 12. Your problem will become our problem and that will require the best people for the job. (southern law group and it's adjoining legal affiliates) I will pass the bar myself if an employee feels it necessary.
We can source anything, re-tooled for any job...anywhere. I work all the time so you don't have too. Family is far more important in this company than any deadline, in emergencies our people WILL figure it out for you not require you to locate or contact someone. We understand a true emergency and will not assume anything negative
ly about you. If you needed to go then everyone would agree with your decision. No job is more important than your personal life (I will work for you personally) LOGISTICS, HR, & PENSIONS are my specialties.
Automation in every single industry (LOGISTICS) to reduce jobs as much as possible to accomodate "life" with minimal HR involvement with a well executed and diversified portfolio to maintain a self sustaining retirement that vests every five years. Non conjoined pensions within the legal business rules statutes will allow a monthly payment with each job you seek to advance to and keeping your money with you. ALL contributions and interest will be paid back to you. ERF-1 @ 5 years (first job) ERF-1 @ 10 years (second job) etc. with the idea being you can stay at your job but after 5 years you can work anywhere within youe comfort zone and start a new vesting period with a guaranteed monthly pension check and repeat that process until you feel comfortable with your income. ALL taxes are voluntary except on corporate gains so upon receipt of your EIN any taxes will go through the company and be assessed by our legal department as the work rendered will be considered an equal trade for services rendered.
Any back lash will in turn require a 1099 for all employees to become "gig" workers and the US government will become actual April 15 tax return dependants. ALL employees will be required to claim "9" with accounts not paying workman's comp taxes or any other fair practice taxes putting "augments" at risk of government shortfall. This employee based company will take any means necessary to remain a difining example of how OUR WORLD IS GOING TO BE.
I quick reference my ideas here with the knowledge that somebody or nobody may read this and it allows for time and date stamping of the intellectual property that would accompany the ideas within. After this last year I feel personally boxed in with no direction forward, having clearly stated and expressed in so many ways just needing my smile back. I guess the best way to help someone is to send them to PPI and then everyone will just assume everything they have to say is "crazy". I never said that shit about killing myself and have what appears to be the most sedistic shit living right here beside me my entire life. @ 41 1/2 sent to PPI twice, arrested nine times in nine months, probation for a year+, another court date pending, background check prevents me from getting employment(RA). Before: underage drinking charge and a DUI (ARD) both expunged. Haven't drank for over a year and was drunk everyday for at least the 20 years prior so no cuddos for not drinking just bashed non stop for drug use. You motherfuckers don't even know what suboxone is so nobody wants to hear anything from anyone that has NO FUCKING BUSINESS IN THAT CONVERSATION. GO BACK TO CHURCH AND ASK GOD AND JESUS WHERE THE FUCK THEY'VE BEEN ALL THIS TIME BECAUSE WE'RE JUST GOING TO FIX IT OURSELVES. YOU DON'T GET TO PASS JUDGEMENT ON US, IF WE WERE MADE IN YOUR RESEMBLENCE THEN WE HAVE A SEVERE PROBLEM WITH YOUR BOOK OF LIES.
I AM THE ONE WHO SENT A MESSAGE TO 2092 AND WHEN IT GETS FAR ENOUGH FORWARD THEN P-53's (area-51 nickname present+ 53,000 years) should forget about 12/21/2012 and use the source code encrypted into our DNA to decipher every mistake we've evwr made as a whole and use that knowledge to correct those issues along with not needing to reverse engineer anything as with seemless communications our past and our present would line up with our planet not having any problems. This seems like what option 3 would be with the all seeing eye where no wars, no famine, no hate. Future and past lives line up with the documenting of "screenshots of the environment" through augmented reality allowing us to individually choose our world around us with no meaning no and never having anybody elses ideals be allowed to be pushed upon our own. Creations secondary protocal is the GOLDEN RULE - TREAT OTHERS AS YOU WOULD TREAT YOURSELF. Not "LIKE" as there cannot be any mis interpretation, use sign language just use less languages so its understood across the everything. AI and Human and Alien (as we would be considered on any planet we went to with life on it) 
That is the first time I've ever seen the capital I have descernable top and bottom while I was typing. Old technology communicating seemlessly with new technology. Even sign language is 1 & 0's.
π=3.14 would mean that the diameter would be greater than the center where it is to accomodate. ie take a pencil and flip it over the diameter is equal to 2 of those pencils therefore diameter equals 1/2 circumference. Each equivalent line drawn for diameter would be a breakdown just like computer ram speed or memory on a drive/chip. 1/2, 1/4, 1/8, 1/16, 1/32, 1/64, 1/128, 1/264... etc The 1/2 being the .5 (being the resulting segment numerical for each diameter above 1/3. (1 devided by 3 = .333 or .5) three equal segments in a sphere devided by 4 being 12 slices all at .5 adding up to 1.5 for each quarter sphere, together eaqualling 3 on each half and inevetably being 3=3=3 or 1=1=1. Take a straight line and spin it in every direction imaginable it creates a sphere that is exactly the length of that line in every way. The numbers for π should negate themselves back to the base numer of just 3 somewhere after 1.4 trillion integers (all of the 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9's will be exactly equal and like negative integers completely dissolve each other back to 3.) Any segmented breakdown in diameter will equal .5 and always result with the least common denominator being 3/3 which is 1 which in spherical terms would also be "0". Alphabet broken down into numerical Z=26 E=5 R=18 O=15 = 64 Even the alphabet has all even integers relating back to 1=2=4=8=16=32=64=128 processing pins on a chip or ram speed or memory on a drive. The fragmented secrions would breakdown for infinity always equaling back to 1. Zero is an integer between the negative and positive numbers and when put into the theory that all parts if a sphere are equal then any number would have a least common denominator of itself which withing a perfect circle/sphere would mean any number times "0" would equal out to zero and any number times "1" would equate to "1". The terminology is not easy to come up with... "0"=sphere(o) "1"=whole sphere (2 - eaual 1/2's making one) 1/3 or 3/1, 2/3 or 3/2, 3/3 or 1. 1/3 equals 2/3, 3/2= 1.5 and then 1/3 = .5x3=1.5 instead of .3333... and .6666... add the segments together you get the same result 3x1/3=1 / 3x.5x4=6÷1/2= 2 halves of 3 with a diameter of 3 which is also "1 whole" or "0"
breakdown to 60 seconds in a minute then 60 minutes in an hour 24 hours in a day 28 days in a cycle/month, 364.5 days in a year with 4 year breakdowns (1/4) to equal out perfectly to the astrological time line as if we were a fixed in place planet. When each 1/4 is broke down to 180° (.25 for each diameter created) the sphere would then be 360° or would it be 720°? When broken down further to (.125 for each diameter created) the sphere would be 360° or now 1440° or does each 1/4 in the breakdown beyond 180° equate for ever expanding speeds and computations and devisions and multiplications all basing themselves back to any number in triplicate equalling the 1/1/1 which is the whole sphere which is "0" 
3/64-.5segments (3 demensional or more with a sphere inside of a sphere inside of a sphere) infinitely at .5 coming to the same conclusion 1=1 , any number x 0 = 1 & any number ÷ 1 = 0.    
2+4+6+8=20 ÷ 1/2 or 10 or .5 = 10 or 1/2 or .5.
9(1/3's) x .5 = 4.5.   9 ÷ 4.5 = 1/2 or .5
3/6/9 theory is that all equal out to .5 or enevitably 1 and the 2,4,6,8 equal out to 20 and devide by the 3,6,9 (.5) to equal half (10 or .5) half of that is 5, 2.5, 1.25... The 1's and 0's of the binary code and the 3,6,9 theory all come together as whole integers when using common computer processing integers that are devisible by .5 each and multiplied out by 2 using fractions of and multiplications of °'s ♾️.
applications for this are ???. Just my thought process for the most part on the theory. Up for mathematical interpretation and criticism along with whatever other thoughts there may be. It isn't going to get anywhere just as a thought in my head.
Original theory is drawn on a piece of cardboard I showed my cousin. (for reference)
Checking for words with two meanings or the same word like shalom/aloha meaning hello and goodbye would be impossible for a computer to decide without some sort of discernment. 
